README.md, before:

# Interviews With Technical Experts

This project is an experiment with ChaptGPT (3.5) to explore technical non-fiction topics.

The goal is to learn a little bit more about specific technical topics (beyond Wikipedia) that are interesting (provoke my curiosity) and to learn how to better prompt ChaptGPT over time.

For each technical topic, ChatGPT is prompted to take on persona of an expert in the topic who is then interviewed for a general audience. The results are collected and turned into an essay in markdown format.

See the [interview prompt](prompts/interview_template.md) and a list of [candidate topics](prompts/topics.md).

You can jump directly to [all essays](writing/) or [all prompts](prompts/).

## Interviews

* [Stigmergy](writing/stigmergy.md)
* [Antifragile](writing/antifragile.md)
* [Red Queen Hypothesis](writing/red_queen.md)
* [Central Tolerance (negative selection)](writing/negative_selection.md)
* [Openendedness (evolutionary systems)](writing/openendedness.md)
* [Computability Theory](writing/computability_theory.md)
* [Adjacent Possible](writing/adjacent_possible.md)

Commit message:

added extension to adjacent_possible

README.md, after:

# Interviews With Technical Experts

This project is an experiment with ChaptGPT (3.5) to explore technical non-fiction topics.

The goal is to learn a little bit more about specific technical topics (beyond Wikipedia) that are interesting (provoke my curiosity) and to learn how to better prompt ChaptGPT over time.

For each technical topic, ChatGPT is prompted to take on persona of an expert in the topic who is then interviewed for a general audience. The results are collected and turned into an essay in markdown format.

This is an extension from ideas raised in the [Bad, Bad, Bad, Good](https://badbadbadgood.substack.com/) writing project.

See the [interview prompt](prompts/interview_template.md) and a list of [candidate topics](prompts/topics.md).

You can jump directly to [all essays](writing/) or [all prompts](prompts/).

## Interviews

* [Stigmergy](writing/stigmergy.md)
* [Antifragile](writing/antifragile.md)
* [Red Queen Hypothesis](writing/red_queen.md)
* [Central Tolerance (negative selection)](writing/negative_selection.md)
* [Openendedness (evolutionary systems)](writing/openendedness.md)
* [Computability Theory](writing/computability_theory.md)
* [Adjacent Possible](writing/adjacent_possible.md)
